# Dungeon Master

## The Idea
### Player Side
The goal of this repo is to create an app that can generate playable D&D campaigns.<br>
I would like for you to be able to choose your characters race/class/stats etc... and be able to homebrew your own.
It would be cool if you could pick a race, class, stats, and name and then have an AI create a backstory for your character
and also generate a profile picture of the character (you would be able to re prompt to get exactly what you desire).
From here the player would be able to join a campaign using a code generated by the DM with their character.

### DM Side
I also want their to be a DM component of the app where the DM can create and manage 
campaigns. This would entail creating enemies and encounters and being able to use AI to generate images for them if desired.
It would be cool for the DM to also be able to prompt an AI to maybe create a dynamic event or something in the game and have
the app be able to handle such events and respond accordingly (ex. random encounter).

## App
For this app I would like to be able to give DMs and players everything they would need to be able to play an entire campaign
online. Not everyone has the time to meet up to play a campaign in person. With that being said I would like this app to also
function as a game, meaning to implement a "battle mode" where players can select targets, see hp, use abilities, etc...

# Progress
- [X] User Authentication
- [ ] Campaign Creation
- [ ] Character Creation
- [ ] Encounter Creation
- [ ] Battle Mode
